sideloading with kind tutorial (#4948)
knative/docs: blog/docs/articles/using-sideloaded-images-with-kind.md

  ```
docker tag gcr.io/knative-samples/helloworld-go my.example.com/helloworld-go
  ```

3. Load the image into the cluster using `kind`

  ```
kind load docker-image --name knative my.example.com/helloworld-go
  ```

4. [Optional] Check that it exists in the cluster.

  ```
docker exec -it knative-control-plane crictl images | grep helloworld
  ```

## Disable Tag-to-Digest Resolution

1. Get a local copy of the Knative configmap yaml that controls deployment.

  ```
kubectl -n knative-serving get -o yaml configmap config-deployment > config-deployment.yaml
  ```

2. Open this configmap file and add the config for `registries-skipping-tag-resolving`:

  ```
apiVersion: v1
data:
  registries-skipping-tag-resolving: "my.example.com"
...

  ```

3. Save the file and apply it to the kind cluster

  ```
kubectl apply -f config-deployment.yaml
  ```

  New services will now skip tag-to-digest resolution if their image name starts with `my.example.com` and
allow your sideloaded image to be used.

  **Note**: This will not affect existing services because they have already
passed through the tag resolution stage. You will need to create a new revision of those services.

> 

Reviewer: Remove this section "Disable Tag-to-Digest Resolution", there is no need to disable tag resolution you can use the registry `kind.local` or `dev.local`

For example 
```
docker tag gcr.io/knative-samples/helloworld-go kind.local/helloworld-go
kind load docker-image --name knative kind.local/helloworld-go
```

And then you can use the image `kind.local/helloworld-go` in your knative service

Like
```
kn service create helloworld --image kind.local/helloworld-go
```

Author: Updated to use the special host names, but I left a single comment about disabling it in case someone needs to use a different host.

# Create your Knative Service Resource

> 

Reviewer: Also show how to create knative service with `kn service create` in addition of using yaml

> ---
> title: Using Sideloaded Images with Kind
> linkTitle: Using-Sideloaded -Images-with-Kind
> author: "Ed Jung"
> date: 2022-05-26
> description: How to use sideloaded images with Knative on Kind
> type: "blog"
> ---

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Using Sideloaded Images with Kind

**Author: Ed Jung**
**Date: 2022-05-26**
```

Old frontmatter format no longer required, we're in the process of updating the templates, but please use this suggestion for now.

> Once you've setup a kind Knative cluster with the [`quickstart` plugin](https://github.com/knative-sandbox/kn-plugin-quickstart), you may want to try it with images from your developer environment, without an image registry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have set up a kind Knative cluster by using the [`quickstart` plugin](../install/quickstart-install.md/), you can use images from your developer environment without an image registry.
```

Suggestions for readability, also please update the link instead to link to https://knative.dev/docs/install/quickstart-install/ by linking within the docs (see https://github.com/knative/docs/blob/main/contribute-to-docs/style-guide/style-and-formatting.md#links)

> This document walks through these steps:
> 
> * sideloading an image into kind
> * creating a Knative service that uses the sideloaded image

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document walks through these steps:

* Sideloading an image into kind
* Creating a Knative Service that uses the sideloaded image
```

> ## Pre-Requisities

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Prerequisities
```

> This tutorial assumes you have cluster running as from [Getting Started with Knative](https://knative.dev/docs/getting-started/),
>  and will sideload the helloworld-go image, but you may substitute your own image.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You are running a kind cluster by using the [`quickstart` plugin](../install/quickstart-install.md/).
```

> ## Sideload Your Image into the Cluster
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Sideload your image into the cluster

This tutorial sideloads the `helloworld-go` image, but you can substitute your own image.

```

Please always use sentence case for titles, see https://github.com/knative/docs/blob/main/contribute-to-docs/style-guide/style-and-formatting.md#titles-and-headings

1. Pull the hello-world-go image into you local dev environment.

  ```
  docker pull gcr.io/knative-samples/helloworld-go
  ```

2. Rename this image using a host name of `dev.local`, `kind.local`, or `ko.local`. Knative will skip tag resolution for these special names by default.

  ```
docker tag gcr.io/knative-samples/helloworld-go dev.local/helloworld-go
  ```

>   (*Note: To use other host names in your images, you will need to manually configure Knative to skip resolution for those names. See* [`registries-skipping-tag-resolving`](https://knative.dev/docs/serving/configuration/deployment/#skipping-tag-resolution))

Reviewer 2: Please use the correct note format for mkdocs: https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/admonitions/#usage - no parentheses and correct indentation also please

3. Sideload the image into the cluster using `kind`

  ```
kind load docker-image --name knative dev.local/helloworld-go
  ```

4. [Optional] Check that it exists in the cluster.

  ```
docker exec -it knative-control-plane crictl images | grep helloworld

>   ```

Reviewer 2: Please indent the code blocks properly under the numbered steps so that they render properly (see https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18088955/markdown-continue-numbered-list)

Preview: https://deploy-preview-4948--knative.netlify.app/blog/articles/using-sideloaded-images-with-kind/#sideload-your-image-into-the-cluster

> # Create the Knative Service

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Create the Knative Service
```

Otherwise the title doesn't show up on the page: 

<img width="797" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44698588/171917826-04b07601-d560-4200-bc4b-85764ee4f77a.png">

> ## Create the Knative Service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Create a Knative Service
```

> 1. Create the service with an image pull policy of `Never` or `IfNotPresent`
> 
> 
>   ```
> kn service create dev.local/helloworld-go --pull-policy Never --env TARGET=world
> 
>   ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a Service that has an image pull policy of `Never` or `IfNotPresent`:

    ```
    kn service create dev.local/helloworld-go --pull-policy Never --env TARGET=world
    ```
```

Please watch indentation and unnecessary line spaces

3. Check the service to make sure it's ready.

  ```
kubectl get ksvc

>   ```

Reviewer 2: Again, fix indentation and numbering and remove unnecessary line spaces
